README.md, before:

# Owais J :zap:

Hello from Austin!

I'm currently working on an [organizer app](https://github.com/desertthunder/spotify-dashboard)
for Spotify.

Right now I'm learning how to write R and use the tidyverse to supplement my data
analysis knowledge as well as Lua to tweak my NeoVim configuration.

## Languages

![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-%23CC342D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ruby&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)

### Web Development Stack

![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)

### Currently Learning

![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/lua-%232C2D72.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=lua&logoColor=white)
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white)

## Tools

![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)
![Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-%23483699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white)
![Fedora](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fedora-294172?style=for-the-badge&logo=fedora&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

no more badges
markdownlint configuration added

README.md, after:

### Owais J :zap:

Hey there! I'm Owais, a software engineer from Austin, TX with a little bit
over half a decade of experience working in or education. In a past life I
had dreams of being an infectious diseas researcher, but quickly found that
solving problems with programming and trying to build good software are near
infinite wells of joy for me.

Right now I'm learning about data analysis and data science, systems programming,
and functional programming. Basically, I'm learning R (and the baseball centered
portion of the tidyverse), C++, and [OCaml](https://cs3110.github.io/textbook/cover.html),
respectively.

#### Contact Information

I'm currently seeking a new role! If you'd like a copy of my resume or would like
to chat, my email address is `jamil.owais <at> gmail.com`

#### Projects

- An lsp implementation for the `todo.txt` specification
  (and associated VSCode extension)
- A BlueSky client that has bookmarks and a client library written in Elixir
- Note collections & cheatsheets (potentially some books in the future)
- Not *quite* a project, but tons and tons of problem sets and likely a public
  collection of my advent of code solutions with a CLI to go along with it.
